{{{ "title": "The Last Two Months", "tags": ["release"], "date": "07-07-2015", "author": "Howard and Albert"}}}

What have we been up to?

<!--more-->

Development has slowed a little over the last two months as we approach feature maturity and due to our summer employment obligations.

Here's a overview of the features we've released since our last public release:
* Match/player data available for download.  We wanted to provide a way to allow downloading match/player data without resorting to scraping, so match and player pages can now be viewed in JSON format! This feature is still experimental.  If it ends up being abused or too expensive, we may have to add limits or remove it completely. If you use it, we encourage you to [help us out](http://yasp.co/carry).
* Comparison tool.  Still in an early stage, but provides a way for you to directly compare some statistics across players and get a percentile reading (based on YASP users).
* Pro game parsing.  We've started parsing pro games automatically and listing them in a separate page.  We hope that you find these matches educational!
* Skill brackets.  Highly experimental.  Our [current approach](https://github.com/yasp-dota/yasp/issues/299) to gathering this data seems to capture only a small percentage of matches.  We would love help in improving the number of matches we can get this data for, or machine learning solutions to help "guess" the bracket for the matches we don't have an official value for.
* Word Clouds.  What words do you say/show up in your matches?  A feature that's been posted about quite a bit already.  We've made a few more tweaks to improve accuracy.
* Donator incentives.  We've added a couple of small perks for donators, while being careful to avoid denying features to those who aren't able to donate. Join the cool kids [here](http://yasp.co/carry).
  * No ads.
  * Untrack immunity.  As a thank-you to donators, we don't require them to visit at least once a week in order to keep having their matches automatically parsed.
* Improved MMR graph.  We made some tweaks to make the graphs better looking and more informative.
* Damage breakdown by skill/item.  See where your damage dealt is coming from.
* Ping counts per match.  A sign of excellent communication, or frustration?  We'll give you the numbers. You be the judge.
* Multikills/killstreaks.  These are tracked per match, and aggregated across a player's lifetime on profile pages.  How many Beyond Godlikes have you racked up?
* Pick order.  Are you a last picker?  We track the order in which players picked in All Pick matches.
* More aggressive caching.  We cache more data for player pages, leading to hopefully improved load times on most tabs (requires an initial load to build the cache).

Things in the pipeline:
* An ambitious UI overhaul.  u/TripleA is playing with WebComponents and trying new things.  UI is something we're aware has significant room for improvement. Let us know if you have any ideas/suggestions!
* Source 2.  The full migration to Source 2 is likely to break both replay parsing and automatic downloading.  We'll try to minimize disruption as the transition occurs.
* Live games.  We've been thinking about doing our own implementation of watching pro games in-browser via the Live API.  
* Biggest throw/comeback.  An idea we've had for a while--find out when you've thrown hardest/had the biggest comeback!

As always, we remain open source and would love contributions/improvments from others! Join us on [Github](https://github.com/yasp-dota/yasp)

Thanks for using YASP, especially to those who have contributed in code or helped out with infrastructure costs!

As always, if you enjoy our work, please spread the word or [help pay for our servers](http://yasp.co/carry). (Third time's the charm?)

-The YASP team