{{{
  "title": "v1.5",
  "tags": ["release"],
  "date": "3-21-2015",
  "author": "Howard"
}}}

We're proud to present our v1.5 release with lots of new features!

<!--more-->

User features:
* More generous full history.  All tracked players are now eligible for full history, and we've increased our processing rate to approximately 100 users a day.
* Longer untrack period.  Untracking now happens after 7 days, rather than 3.
* Socket-updating requests.  You can now see live progress of your requests.
* Heatmaps v2.  Improved position data for more precise heatmaps.
* Ward maps.  Ward locations for each player.
* Runes.  See a record of the runes activated by each player.
* Last hit table.  A table of last hits every 5 minutes.
* Unified player dashboard/profiles.  Many users seem to use the profile only, so we now make it your "dashboard" as well, and display your last visit so you don't forget to stay logged in.
* Sentiment analysis.  YASP now analyzes the content of match chats for positivity/negativity.
* Player trends tab.  See data aggregated across a player's matches, including ward placements, mean build times, laning, and averages/records. See histograms of key stats such as Kills/Deaths/Assists.  Filter aggregations by hero to determine your performance on specific heroes.
* Category team "wins".  YASP now marks which team "won" a statistical category in each match.
* More per-match stats.  Check out lane efficiency to see how well each player performed in lane, as well as number of neutral, tower, and courier kills.

UI improvements:
* Chat team colors
* Graph tooltips now sorted by value
* Merged Heroes and Matchups, reorganized layout
* Added documentation to graphs page for alt-click functionality
* Improved percentage display of winrate (green for 50%+, red otherwise)

Bugfixes:
* Login cookies were set to expire on browsing session end.  They should now expire after a year instead.
* Filtered all Meepo/Meepo kills in the kill log.

Backend (developer features):
* Support for distributed parsers.  Refactored the parse worker so that additional workers can be added as parse drones.
* Parse data v5.  The parser now emits an event stream of JSON objects, which is aggregated by JavaScript.
* Optimized queries.  $exists is evil in MongoDB.  We were using it four times on the status page, leading to slow load times.
* Using Clarity 2.0 for improved performance and maintainability (and hopefully future Source 2 support).

Thank you for all your continued support! If you like what we're doing, please consider some [cheese](http://yasp.co/carry)! It's what keeps us running.
