{{{
  "title": "v1.5",
  "tags": ["release"],
  "date": "3-7-2015",
  "author": "Howard"
}}}

YASP is proud to present our v1.5 release, with lots of new features!

<!--more-->

User features:
* More generous full history.  All tracked players are now eligible for full history, and we've increased our processing rate to approximately 100 users a day.
* Socket-updating requests.  You can now see live progress of your requests.
* Heatmaps v2.  Much more position data for more precise heatmaps.
* Ward maps.  Ward locations for every player.
* Runes.  See a record of the runes activated by each player.
* Last hit table.  A table of last hits every 5 minutes.
* Unified player dashboard/profiles.  Many users seem to use the profile only, so we now make it your "dashboard" as well, and display your last visit so you don't forget to stay logged in.
* Player trends tab.  See data from across a player's matches, such as ward placements, match duration, and GPM.

UI improvements:
* Chat team colors
* Graph tooltips now sorted by value
* Merged Heroes and Matchups, reorganized layout
* Added documentation to graphs page for alt-click functionality

Backend (developer features):
* Support for distributed parse.  Refactored the parse so that additional workers can be added as parse drones.
* Seaport.  Implemented seaport to allow easier scaling of retrievers.
* Parse data v5.  The parser now emits an event stream of JSON objects, which is aggregated by JavaScript.
* Optimized queries.  $exists is evil in MongoDB.  We were using it four times on the status page, leading to slow load times.